Clarify some ambiguity with which OCP to login to (#479)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-the-stf-connection-for-director-operator-for-the-overcloud.adoc

.Procedure

> . Login to the {OpenShift} environment where {OpenStackShort} director Operator is deployed and change to the project that hosts your {OpenStackShort} deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the {OpenShift} environment where {OpenStackShort} director Operator is deployed and change to the project that hosts your {OpenStackShort} deployment:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc project openstack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc project openstack
```
